Project #8 - Submission form

Story number and name: 1 - Extend user profile detail with usage
Story points - 3
Brief description to see the story in action: 
When you click on a user's account, you can see their most viewed image, along with the most commented image. 
There is also a preview of their images, which was preserved from previous projects. If you make comments on image, or if
a user uploads a new image, the userDetail view will update accordingly to reflect those changes.

Story number and name: 4 - Activity Feed
Story points - 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
When logging in or creating an account, you are instantly brought to the activity feed, which is like a homepage of sorts.
Additionally, there is a button in the TopBar that can take you to the activity feed by clicking on it. When you are in the activity
feed, you can hit the "Refresh" button at any time to pull in any new changes from the database and update the view accordingly.
As expected, the activity feed updates when someone logs in, logs out, creates an account, uploads a photo, or makes a comment.

Story number and name: 6 - Favorite lists of photos for users
Story points - 6
Brief description to see the story in action:
As soon as your session is valid and registered, the TopBar updates to have a "View Favorites" button. 
This redirects the user to the "/favorites" page, where the logged-in user can see any photos that they have favorited.
A user can favorite a photo by going to a user's photo page. When they hover their mouse over a photo, there is a timestamp and a button 
that says "FAVORITE". If the user clicks on the overlay, a comment prompt is displayed. If a user clicks "FAVORITE", this change
is reflected in the database accordingly. Additionally, when the user is viewing their favorites on the favorites page, they can choose to remove it by hitting
the "UN-FAVORITE" button. If a user hovers over a photo they've already favorited on someone's photo page, a "UN-FAVORITE" button will be displayed instead.

Total Story Points: 13

Marketing Video URL : https://youtu.be/SdS08vb2NA8

Is it OK with you if we post your Marketing Video URL on the class discussion forum? Yes

Instructions for Grading (should be easy to run app from new machine): None (Standard npm install, loadServer, and npm run build)
